#  Networking

REST API Calls in Swift: iOS Networking Architecture [in SwiftUI]
https://matteomanferdini.com/swift-rest-api/

Парсинг и работа с Codable в Swift 4
https://habr.com/ru/articles/414221/

iOS. Работа с сетью, когда приложение не запущено
https://habr.com/ru/companies/redmadrobot/articles/478566/


#  Moya/Alimofire/URL Session/Networking

URL Loading System
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/url_loading_system

Туториал По Alamofire
https://swiftbook.ru/post/tutorials/tutorial-po-alamofire/

Работа с сервером с помощью Alamofire на Swift
https://habr.com/ru/articles/330760/

Alamofire 5 Tutorial for iOS: Getting Started
https://www.kodeco.com/6587213-alamofire-5-tutorial-for-ios-getting-started

Moya — как перестать беспокоиться о сетевой части и начать жить
https://habr.com/ru/articles/332570/

Moya Tutorial for iOS: Getting Started
https://www.kodeco.com/5121-moya-tutorial-for-ios-getting-started

Getting Started with Moya
https://malcolmkmd.medium.com/getting-started-with-moya-f559c406e990

Better networking with Moya + RxSwift
https://dev.to/mcontin/better-networking-with-moya-rxswift-1mlk

Абстракция сетевого слоя с применением «стратегий»
https://itnan.ru/post.php?c=1&p=338380

GitHub - Moya/Moya: Network abstraction layer written in Swift.
https://github.com/Moya/Moya

Testing with Moya 101
https://medium.com/@imho_ios/testing-with-moya-101-9e33a9404d61

Create Your Own API Manager Without Using Alamofire in Swift
https://blog.devgenius.io/create-your-own-service-manager-without-using-alamofire-in-swift-1af5d5440461

Building Breather (Part 3): Managing networking with RxMoya and handling errors with RxSwift’s retry and materialize
https://medium.com/@alexandrosbaramilis/building-breather-part-3-managing-networking-with-rxmoya-and-handling-errors-with-rxswifts-c300648858b8

How to send Synchronous Request
https://github.com/Moya/Moya/issues/1426

Как в swift преобразовать кодироку строки?
https://qna.habr.com/q/544601

Downloading files from websites
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/url_loading_system/downloading_files_from_websites

#  JSON

Онлайн JSON утилиты
https://app.quicktype.io
https://jsonformatter.org
https://www.jsonschema2pojo.org
https://www.jsondiff.com

API Examples
https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com
https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/posts

Big List of Free and Open Public APIs (No Auth Needed)
https://mixedanalytics.com/blog/list-actually-free-open-no-auth-needed-apis/

#  SSL

SSL Certificate Pinning with UIWebView
https://medium.com/@catchvarun25/ssl-certificate-pinning-with-uiwebview-dcdc742e4d01

Обход SSL Pinning в iOS-приложении
https://habr.com/ru/companies/dataart/articles/424485/

How To Handle Self Signed SSL Certificates Over HTTPS
https://github.com/Moya/Moya/issues/992

# Web sockets

Real time data exchange using web sockets in iOS 13
https://www.donnywals.com/real-time-data-exchange-using-web-sockets-in-ios-13/
